docs/update docs with known issue (#23866)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/partials/internal-error-namespace-missing-policy.mdx

### Internal error when vault policy in namespace does not exist

> If a user is a member of a group that gets a policy from a 
> namespace other than the one they’re trying to log into, 
> and that policy doesn’t exist, we return an internal error. 
> This impacts all auth methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a user is a member of a group that gets a policy from a 
namespace other than the one they’re trying to log into, 
and that policy doesn’t exist, Vault returns an internal error. 
This impacts all auth methods.
```

#### Affected versions

> This issue affects Vault Enterprise versions 1.14.x and higher.  A
> fix will be released in Vault 1.15.2, 1.14.6, and 1.13.10.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 1.13.8 and 1.13.9
- 1.14.4 and 1.14.5
- 1.15.0 and 1.15.1

A fix will be released in Vault 1.15.2, 1.14.6, and 1.13.10.
```
